Removing versions less than 1.0 (#7086)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/parsing.md

## Static parser

At parse time, dbt needs to extract the contents of `ref()`, `source()`, and `config()` from all models in the project. Traditionally, dbt has extracted those values by rendering the Jinja in every model file, which can be slow. We statically analyze model files leveraging [`tree-sitter`](https://github.com/tree-sitter/tree-sitter). You can see the code for an initial Jinja2 grammar [here](https://github.com/dbt-labs/tree-sitter-jinja2).

> The static parser is **on** by default. We believe it can offer *some* speedup to 95% of projects. You may optionally turn it off using the [`STATIC_PARSER` global config](/reference/global-configs/parsing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The static parser is **on** by default. We believe it can offer *some* speed up to 95% of projects. You may optionally turn it off using the [`STATIC_PARSER` global config](/reference/global-configs/parsing).
```
